README.md, before:

# Data analysis summary
<br>This is a capstone project from the last course of Google Data Analytics Professional Certification which aims to imitate a data analyst job application case study. In the process of doing this case study, real-world tasks of a junior data analyst shall be completed. In answering key business questions for the devised company Cyclistic, the data analysis process: ask, prepare, process, analyze, share and act shall be followed.<br>

# Parts of the data project
The project is divided into 5 phases namely:
1. **Ask**

This phase tackles the data problem that is relevant to the stakeholders. This is the guide for the entire project as all other phases shall be reflected by the task instructed by the stakeholders.

2. **Data preparation**

The data was provided in the course. The R language and RStudio was chosen for conducting majority of the project.

3. **Data processing**

This phase involves data cleaning and data aggregation.

4. **Data analysis**

Statistical summaries of each categories are compared using tools present in R. Majority of visualization are done with the help of `ggplot2` package. Some visualizations are done through Public Tableau where the data aggregation for it is done through RStudio.

5. **Recommendations**

The top 3 recommendations as asked by the stakeholders were presented.<br>

The case study can be read through this [link](https://moy17.github.io/Cyclistic-Bikeshare/).

Commit message:

link update
addition of public tableau visualizations link

README.md, after:

# Data analysis summary
<br>This is a capstone project from the last course of Google Data Analytics Professional Certification which aims to imitate a data analyst job application case study. In the process of doing this case study, real-world tasks of a junior data analyst shall be completed. In answering key business questions for the devised company Cyclistic, the data analysis process: ask, prepare, process, analyze, share and act shall be followed.<br>

# Parts of the data project
The project is divided into 5 phases namely:
1. **Ask**

This phase tackles the data problem that is relevant to the stakeholders. This is the guide for the entire project as all other phases shall be reflected by the task instructed by the stakeholders.

2. **Data preparation**

The data was provided in the course. The R language and RStudio was chosen for conducting majority of the project.

3. **Data processing**

This phase involves data cleaning and data aggregation.

4. **Data analysis**

Statistical summaries of each categories are compared using tools present in R. Majority of visualization are done with the help of `ggplot2` package. Some visualizations are done through Public Tableau where the data aggregation for it is done through RStudio.

5. **Recommendations**

The top 3 recommendations as asked by the stakeholders were presented.<br>

The case study can be read through this [link](https://moy17.github.io/Cyclistic-Bikeshare/) and Tableau visualizations are available [here](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/james.paul.pulayan).
